hello and welcome to the next episode of
Wales one-hit wonders today I'm doing a
solo game just me obviously because it
sort of but we're going to be playing
flash flash revolution a very well-known
flash game I hope you guys enjoy it it's
is one of my childhood games I've played
it many years but I'm not very good
let's just say that we're going to be
playing a death piano today if played
this game before that you all know it is
one of the hardest songs in the game but
we're going to go to shot anyway and
let's see how this goes I am dreading it
I i know i can get through the game yeah
I can definitely get food through the
song sorry well here we go right gosh I
suck
Oh
very bad at this game
Wow look at all there's no son missing I
am getting quite a few because if you
miss too many notes in this game it ends
and you just fail so I can't be missing
two men but I'm definitely not doing a
very good job right ok now the song gets
not business
oh my gosh
that's my fingers get down to business
what's more power into it yes William
you can do this I believe in you
I don't like the sun's looks button
mashing probably give you like cobwebs
on that's okay too I don't know what
smash up a cupid giveaway can't be good
well I know is my fingers are getting a
little bit cramped up and well I haven't
played this been for few more so I still
got an activist I can play it all right
but look at all those mrs. I mean it's
terrible i'm pretty much just smashing
the keyboard and hope that i will hit
some knows this box if it music which is
a fight knows no that's too bad
definitely not too bad here I'm liking
this yes very much so but as I've played
this song before I know it gets much
harder oh dear
songs i missed over yard
righty-ho then it's good oh oh oh oh
mocha
let's go I suck terrible
I am terribly give myself a motivational
help as well as you can see I could
never be a personal trainer oh look at
that Grady how wonderful I rank 5615 wow
that's actually better than my one
before which was six thousand 693 only
50 hit point 56.5 percent of the notes
hit oh well well I hit more than I
missed when you look at that I
definitely more than miss but then again
there's so many notes coming down I mean
it was pretty much just smashing the
keyboard until I did it yeah well I
guess that's it for this episode of
wills or one hit one see you next time
guys
and remember to rate and subscribe
the Ellis Island